New Golden Config Setting Enabled Per GC Setting (replaces 847 913 936) (#984)
nautobot/nautobot-app-golden-config: docs/user/app_use_cases.md

|Jinja Path|A Jinja template which defines the path (within the repository) and name of the Jinja template file. e.g. `{{obj.platform.network_driver}}/{{obj.role.name}}/main.j2`|
|Dynamic Group|The scope of devices on which Golden Config's jobs can operate. |
|GraphQL Query|A query that is evaluated and used to render the config. The query must start with `query ($device_id: ID!)`.|
|Enable Backup|Whether the Backup Configurations job runs for devices owned by this Setting. Defaults to `True`. When `False`, devices owned by this Setting are skipped by the Backup job and an `E3038` warning is logged.|
|Enable Intended|Whether the Generate Intended Configurations job runs for devices owned by this Setting. Defaults to `True`. The Setting cannot be saved with this enabled unless `Sot agg query`, `Jinja repository`, `Jinja Template Path`, `Intended repository`, and `Intended Path Template` are all set.|
|Enable Compliance|Whether the Perform Configuration Compliance job runs for devices owned by this Setting. Defaults to `True`.|
|Enable Config Plan|Whether Config Plan generation is permitted for devices owned by this Setting. Defaults to `True`.|

> |Enable Deploy|Whether Deploy Config Plans is permitted for devices owned by this Setting. Defaults to `True`.|

Author: May update wording, Defaults to "app-level configuration".

!!! note
    Each of these will be further detailed in their respective sections.

#### Feature-Enable Resolution Across Multiple Settings

> A single device may match the Dynamic Group of more than one Golden Config Setting. To make per-feature scheduling deterministic, Golden Config applies the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single device may match the Dynamic Group criteria for more than one Golden Config Setting. To ensure each device is assigned to only one setting when it belongs to multiple Dynamic Groups, Golden Config applies the following rules:
```

* **Highest-weighted Setting wins per device.** The Setting with the highest `weight` whose Dynamic Group contains the device is the only Setting consulted for that device. If two Settings share the same weight, the Setting with the lower-sorted `name` wins.
* **No per-feature fallback.** If the winning Setting has `Enable Backup=False`, the device is *not* backed up — even if a lower-weighted Setting that also matches the device has `Enable Backup=True`. The same rule applies to Intended, Compliance, Config Plan, and Deploy. A single Setting owns every feature decision for a given device, which keeps the mental model simple ("which Setting is in charge of this device?") and avoids surprising splits where reads and writes flow through different Settings.

> * **Skip logging.** When a job runs against a device whose winning Setting has the corresponding feature disabled, an `E3038` warning is emitted naming the winning Setting and its weight so operators can locate the responsible record.

Reviewer: This is still a bit confusing.

Author: Gave it another try.

#### All-In-One Jobs and Disabled Features

The two "Execute All Golden Configuration Jobs" jobs (single-device and multi-device) iterate through Backup, Intended, and Compliance in order. For each play they run only the subset of devices whose winning Setting has the corresponding feature enabled:

* If a play has zero eligible devices the play is skipped with an `E3039` warning and the next play continues.
* The job does not abort the remaining plays when one feature is disabled — partial execution is intentional so operators can disable a feature on a Setting without losing the other features for that Setting's devices.

> * If `fail_job_on_task_failure=True` is checked on the form, the job still fails at the end when any executed play raised an error, but skipped (disabled) plays do not count as failures.

Author: Sounds more ADR'ish so may move to that doc file.
